32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not-for-profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .
