`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .
