Barra , 51 , will be the first woman to lead a firm in the American auto industry .
I 'm honored to lead the best team in the business and to keep our momentum at full speed . ''
She replaces Daniel Akerson , who was appointed by the government as both chief executive and chairman in 2009 during the company 's bankruptcy .
Akerson plans to stand down on January 15 following his wife 's advanced cancer diagnosis .
Akerson will also relinquish his chairman role , to be replaced by current director Theodore Solso .
General Motors recovered from their bankruptcy a year after the appointment of Akerson , and re-entered the stock market in November 2010 .
It remains the largest car manufacturer in the United States , posting sales figures of $ 152 billion in 2012 .
Hundreds of people came to welcome him home and celebrate his release , despite an Israeli order given to his family not to have a public party for his arrival .
In 2011 , during a prisoner exchange deal Israel made with Hamas , Issawi was released along with over a thousand other Palestinian prisoners .
As a protest against the punishment , Issawi began a publicized hunger strike .
Consequentially , his medical condition deteriorated and became critical .
According to the Los Angeles Times , Israel decided to start a negotiation lest Issawi 's death in the Israeli prison cause violence from the Palestinians in the West Bank .
Scotland 's Police Investigations and Review Commissioner -LRB- PIRC -RRB- has criticised the national force for failing to stop a driver reported to them for being drunk behind the wheel .
Police 's Tayside Division received a report on June 30 last year from a member of the public that a 19-year-old motorist was drunk .
The man subsequently crashed near Forfar , seriously injuring himself and one of his three passengers .
The other two occupants sustained lesser injuries .
The report calls on Police Scotland to remind officers of standard procedure for dealing with suspected drink-driving calls .
The Scottish Parliament approved a bill to legalise same-sex marriage by a free vote of 105 -- 18 .
The Bill was opposed by religious bodies including the Church of Scotland and the Roman Catholic Church .
I am proud that the Scottish Parliament has taken this progressive and hugely important decision in favour of equal rights in our country .
The top deck of the bus was crushed on one side after hitting the truck and spinning .
The students aboard ranged from ten-year-olds to young teens and had been headed from their Nakhon Ratchasima school to Pattaya .
The bus was carrying around 60 female students , with a boys ' bus from the school following behind .
The second bus escaped the accident .
The road is in a national park which prevents upgrade works like widening , according to Nuttapong Boontob of the Thailand Accident Research Center .
Police Lieutenant Colonel Anukarn Thammavijarn said police theorise the vehicle 's `` brakes may have failed or the driver might have fallen asleep . ''
Thammavijarn said the bus was out-of-control and going downhill when it struck the 18-wheeled truck from behind .
He cited the old appearance of the vehicle as a reason to suspect brake failure for the accident .
The crash injured a further 47 people .
A row of covered bodies was formed beside the wreckage .
Wounds include broken bones .
Road accident rates are among the world 's highest in Thailand ; last December a bus fell off a bridge , killing 29 .
Road accidents killed 8,600 on the nation 's roads last year .
Legislation does not require bus passengers to wear seatbelts .
Craven went on to say that much of the discussion about the politics of sport took place because the media had a void to fill before the start of sporting events , and he thought it would die down after the Games got under way .
Craven also remarked that it was better to create change from the inside , rather than the outside .
In response to a question from a French journalist about the decision of French leaders not to attend the opening ceremonies tonight , Craven said he was disappointed for the athletes because the politicians were making a choice to make this about politics , and not about sport .
Craven repeated the Games should be about sport .
Craven said in response to another question it would be possible for the Ukrainians to boycott the opening ceremony
IPC Communications Director Craig Spence said that the Ukraine Paralympic Committee delayed their welcome ceremony into the Paralympic Village by two hours yesterday , and the IPC approved the decision .
The story that the Ukrainians delayed their welcome ceremony as a political statement was one the IPC would investigate , and would largely be contingent upon what they said at the press conference the Ukrainians called for today at 1:30 PM Sochi local time -LRB- 0930 UTC -RRB- .
He said the world and the Paralympic movement is aware of the situation in the Ukraine , but the IPC needs to stay true to its mission .
Sir Philip Craven initially started his remarks at the press conference talking about the legacy of the Paralympic Games in terms of accessibility of sports in Sochi .
Two people received significant injuries in the explosion , which also wounded eight others and sent fourteen victims into shock .
He placed the device on the bus after rejecting several others he rode on as insufficiently crowded , according to the prosecution .
Mafarja was convicted on his own plea last December in a deal which spared him a possible life sentence by dropping a charge of aiding an enemy at a time of war .
Later that day an unrelated ceasefire was brokered by Egypt .
The sentence was the highest allowed by the deal .
Laviv Habib , representing Mafarja , cited the defendant 's young age , and his guilty pleas , in mitigation .
He also said the device was a `` weak bomb '' not designed to kill but acknowledged his client 's actions were `` not simple '' and Mafarja understood fatalities were possible .
